#ID: 1860-11-01_advert_485
#TYPE: advert
#HEADER: NO HEADER
#TEXT: ;;; Notice to the public!;;; --New and important Arrangement, 1860.--The Adams Express Company respectfully announce to the public that they have arranged to run their Express Twice Daily from New York, Philadelphia and Baltimore to Richmond, thereby affording unusual facilities for obtaining their freight and packages in the shortest possible time.;;; Expresses leave New York at 1.5 and 6 o'clock P. M. Expresses leave Philadelphia at 8 A. M. and 11 P. M. Expresses leave Baltimore at 4.20 A. M. and 4.20 P. M., arriving in Richmond at 3.30 A. M. and 2 P. M.;;; Expresses leave Richmond for New York, Philadelphia and Baltimore, and all points North and West, at 6.30 A. M. and 6.30 P. M.;;; Freight and packages should in all cases be at our office one hour before the departure of the Trains.;;; Expresses for the South leave Richmond Twice Daily, at 4.30 A. M. and 2.45 P. M.;;; The Adams Express Company feel that they can guarantee to the public civility, attention and satisfaction in all their intercourse with their officers in Richmond, and nothing will be left undone on their part to meet the wants of their customers.;;; Freight and packages arriving by the Express from the North at 3 o'clock P. M will be delivered immediately, there by giving to our customers an advance of twelve hours over our arrangements heretofore.;;; Steamer Expresses, to and from New York, Semi-Weekly.;;; Freights delivered immediately upon the arrival of the ship.;;; Heavy and light Freights, packages, money, Bonds, Legal Documents, &amp;c., forwarded with safety and dispatch to all parts of the United States, Canada and Europe.;;; notes Drafts and Bills, with or without Goods, collected at all accessible points throughout the United States, and prompt returns guarantee.;;; Slaves forwarded by each of our Expresses, in charge of careful and reliable messengers.;;; Tobacco and other samples carried at unusual low rates.;;; All freights promptly called for and delivered without extra charge.;;; For Further information, please call at our office, 202 Main street.;;; "Adams Express Company.";;; au 7--ts W. H. Trego, Sup't.;;; 