#ID: 1860-11-02_advert_480
#TYPE: advert
#HEADER: NO HEADER
#TEXT: ;;; Infirmary of the Medical College.;;; --This Institution, situated at the corner of Marshall and College streets, is fully provided for the accommodation of both White Persons and Negroes, requiring medical treatment.;;; White Persons who desire it, can be furnished with private Rooms, where they will enjoy every comfort and convenience.;;; The accommodations for Slaves, as heretofore, are ample, and the attention of owners of negroes, both in the city and country; is again invited to the great advantages afforded by the Infirmary for the Medical and Surgical treatment of this class of patients.;;; lying-in women are also received and carefully attended to.;;; All patients are under the care of the Professors of the College, who visit the wards daily, aided by an efficient corps of assistants.;;; In cases of difficulty, a consultation of the Professors is held, without extra charge to the patient.;;; The charges for Medical Attendance, Board, Nursing and Medicine are as follows:;;; White Persons...$6 per week.;;; White Persons in private rooms...$7 to $15 per week.;;; Slaves and other colored patients...$6 per week.;;; For less than a week, (except in private rooms,) $1 per day — provided that the aggregate shall not exceed the charge for a full week.;;; For Surgical Operations, by agreement with the proprietors of the Bellevue Hospital, a small extra charge will be made, varying from $2 to $0, according to the difficulty and importance of the operation.;;; All charges payable on the removal of the patient.;;; no case of small Pox, or any other infections disease, nor any case of Insanity, will be admitted.;;; Attending Physicians--Profs. Tucker Conway and McCAW.;;; Attending Surgeons--Profs. Gibson, Peticolas and Wellford.;;; Resident Physician--Dr. Thos. L. Hunter,;;; Steward — F. M. Parrish.;;; President--Dr. L. S. Joynes.;;; Persons in the country, desirous of sending patients to the Infirmary, may address the President, Steward, or any of the Professors of the College.;;; ja 12--1y;;; 